hold [Music] on another drip from the glowing
Challis GL chalice a dragon Venom High purple Volume 2
11 but hit you with a ticket to Heaven dreads bring it back from the dead I am
being Darkness through dreams everything it what it seems break the snake I got
some magic beans horse back I'm with media's team
everything I see is cream straight from the Fang of the Dragon the tracks bump
it is the thing AA knows my slang in the Dark Harbor the drugs we a ton kach
changa Lang Creed more hit the mark bang bang we're here to save the children the
museum we're building Antichrist prescription Dragon Venom ill chalous a
drink Venom High purple volume to 11 hit you with a ticket to
[Music] Heaven welcome back to Lady Babylon this
is initiating Apocalypse Now I just want to start with a warning I want to start
with a warning this is going to go somewhere historically with Jesus that
you you may not be able to recover from um you guys know that you want it
you want it you want the Deep stuff you want that underbelly you want those deep
dark secrets that Jesus Christ is keeping you want them I know you do
we're gonna find them tonight we're gonna find him tonight and I'm going to surprise you because we're going to use
use the voice I am going to unlock for
you the prophecies so that you can see them it's much better you know what we're doing
we're going in for a drug night we're going in for a night where we are gonna
come back from it happy to be alive we're going to be
reborn I'm taking you back there are you ready they're going to serve things up right way but in good traditional lady
Babylon style um I'm going to purify the temple
and who would we need if we're going to go to the core of Christianity who do we need to purify
this place we need the
mother of bonus hit it Chey [Music]
in
[Music]
a thousand years before Christianity 700 years before
Judaism people followed the mystery of the wanasa this is what we bring to you
tonight and it's our privilege chewy thank you thank you for working the
night shift I appreciate it I'm gonna bring up a comment I want to bring to
your attention before I flash the Revelation before you I want to bring up
this comment chewy check this out satanic congregation let's read this is
a Greek this is from Angie by the way and this is the best comment I have seen in
long time because I am always telling you people and you don't know you don't know
I could be pulling some kind of BS out of my hat but I'm not I told you modern
great is different from ancient Greek modern Greek is different from ancient
Greek people give me a hard time for that because they don't understand it
finally who did we find we found Angie that's right Angie and she says as a
Greek who knows how to speak read and write modern Greek I have to say ancient
Greek is not the same it's not the same thank you Angie
Bravo Bravo Now she continues on um you can basically understand
ancient Greek a little if you've had modern Greek you can understand it a little bit yes that's
why leave it up there that's why I went to graduate school with a couple of
modern Greeks all right every Greek will tell you oh yes oh yes modern Greek it's part
of ancient Greek it's part of our heritage some Modern Greeks will tell you oh I can teach you ancient Greek and
they can't the ones that wanted to learn ancient Greek when I was going to
University came from Greece to Wisconsin can you believe that I'm going I'm a I'm
a Greek and I'm going to go learn ancient Greek in Wisconsin sounds funny doesn't it oh my God that's how it works
ancient Greek and modern Greek are not the same thing but tell me Angie keep talking please
please I'm literally having a panic attack oh God that makes me feel bad
don't Dr Omen is so intelligent that it's very hard to absorb especially
because I'm Greek Orthodox Ang you want to take those Greek Orthodox robes and I
want to strip you of them and I want the world to see what's in your
jeans oh God I want to bring that out Angie good for you thank you for
bringing that comment I think it's important for people to see that every once in a while because when I start
talking about Hebrew with its tiny tiny 8,000 word vocabulary oh God people
never trust me people never trust me so it's nice than thank you let's open up
open up this battlefield where are we going tonight chewy hit the hit the images that caused the implanting please
fantastic as we're going along it's very important you pay attention um there's going to be things that I'm shooting
into your brain here is the apocalypse 1610 are you ready what happened get off
the ship everybody we just got back in time now we're at a party we're at a
party and what's happening baby the rights the rights are you ready this is
from apocalypse 1610 I'm so happy kop pimpos who's that guy he's one of those
angels what's he doing he's pouring out a bowl and what's where's he pouring it
out he's pouring it out on the throne of the Beast wait a minute you say
what I've seen this pictured and I've seen these half monster Chima crazy
things take all of that knowledge and flush it into the
toilet we're just going to go see what the text says we're going to be as literal as we possibly can there's no
way to make a mistake are you ready everybody here we are the guy came in in
the room he poured right he he poured out this fi this special bow we make
drugs in those bowls wait what did I not explain to you that you
would be getting even more drugs tonight oh
this dude who to who takes it what happens to
him he goes dark that's what he says his
kingdom becomes dark and what happens he chews his
tongue in pain baby have you ever seen him administer this stuff right dude
comes in it starts working and these these freaks that's all you can call
them at that point because all they're doing they're writhing in pain dude why do you think you have to wait a minute
we got to tie this guy down for a minute minute right remember um the stuff that
they're giving you I told you last time we were here when you walk in the door realize you're gonna get hit with
drugs okay don't tell me I didn't warn you you got to know this stuff oh love
it go back to that go back to that quote Yeah and what's going to happen they're going to chew their tongues because
that's the pain that they're in that's the pain that they and people look at this fi just so you can trust me fi
what is it a bowl or a pan sauce pan for boiling liquids cool but give me the next one how else is it used you know me
I'm always talking medicine it's used for uents oh those are
sexy oh those uents what which anguin do we have here listed in the Greek the OES
muron the what that really sweet smelling sex
drug yeah the remember the one that the prostitutes had what was her
name Mary Mary yes they called her the mck
doll oh it's one of their cyan titles do you know what it means it means she who practices the
magic I'd want to meet that person there's a reason that Jesus Christ hung
around with prostitutes and and I thank you it'll become obvious as we go into
the prophecy and fulfill that beastly prophecy are you ready I'm giving you an
extra one congregation tonight because you deserve it I'm G to let you
unfold what Christians for centuries have tried in vain to unfold and why did
they fail why did they fail ignorance
ignorance yeah isn't that amazing don't tell me you read
Greek don't tell me you do if you don't know those sources you've got no history
and you're you're you're ripe for the duping let's go to the sources then big
guy put your sources where your mouth is here we go what kind of world are you
g to inherit when you drink the stuff that that angel poured out you're going to enter this world the world of the
eclipse right just stand back for a minute and think about what is going on here you have entered a right where they
are administering drugs that are causing you to enter places that they call the
eclipse I have a feeling when we come back from this we may be a little bit
different God your your religions are coming from
drugs it's fantastic it's fantastic oh my god let's trade it too go up let's
find
it chewy take it easy man we almost hit that thing okay you bring back the
source okay we're up here we go here's the big one people he do you mean this is his weapon tonight yes now I'm going
to translate this as lucidly as I possibly can for you and then we're
going to look at a couple of words but I want you to know this is the Great Piece of the
Revelation 13 okay oh God tell me what happened big
number 13 by the way before we get to the climax of this I know it's
but before we get to the climax I want to say we had over,
1300 people live in Greek I am fairly certain that that
breaks an alltime record yeah I don't know if there's
1300 Greek graduate students in this country I don't know in the states I
don't know maybe there are maybe there's more than that but um that was fantastic
I I gave that to the devil and he was like are you sure 1300 I was like yeah I was over 1300 he's like what' you do I
said I just fed him the great and he's like no you got something
else and I was like well you know I got some dope hidden in it you know what I mean I put some dope in it he's like
you yeah isn't that great I'm bringing you that dope are you ready nobody is
going to give you what I am about about to give you right do we have the
muron yeah tell him to put the muron
on are you ready give it boom and what's happening and I saw coming out of the
Water Rising once again was the Beast
and he had 10 horns wait he had 10 horns are you
drawing a picture of this somebody's in the background like ride we get all of that no stop stop stop stop stop please
turn on the vox can somebody turn on the box get that get that little guy to turn on the box come here come here Jeffrey
where's my anglosaxon boy here's what we got to do Jeff now I
think his name was frad doeses it matter do you name your Unix of course you
don't um let's go Lefty and righty that's usually what they're called um
let's see what happens here what is the Beast that is coming out he's got those 10 horns now let's turn on your
receivers for the Vox right what are those horns that we just saw last time
those horns are the antidotes H yeah directly okay that
makes sense of why that theion or
thec that compound anti
christic uh uh uh uh antidote to the thoso those death inducing
drugs yeah that Beast that thec is carrying your survival so as we're
sitting here going through this and the angels those angels they're pouring out
those drugs for us right this is where
you're gonna go in the right okay so hold on don't wait it gets weird it gets
weird keep uh let's go find the the next quote there boom yeah here we go and one
happens that Beast also has those seven heads what are those heads they are the
prominent singular ingredients that are used in the death
inducer this is a concoction or a Poma that will lay you
out it will kill you but don't worry remember what Jesus
said I'll show you you'll pick up those
death inducing potions and you won't die they won't hurt you why because they're
using within the mystery they're using the drugs that induce death combined
with the Beast that will bring you back the Beast Bears up the cup of Lady
Babylon right okay are you ready we're getting deeper and deeper into that prophecy and
what I'm fulfilling for you tonight is I am unsealing these
works oh God can you believe the devil gave me that I was like are you sure and
he was like dude you know you earned it right how did I earn it one of the
things I didn't do is I didn't monetize oh and I didn't monetize lady
Babylon yeah yeah people are saying I had a comment I thought this was great
this is illustrative of Christianity this is why Julian said
Christianity will overthrow classical civilization and he was right this is
one of the reasons one of the reasons they burn those libraries
down yeah because they don't know what the texts
say isn't that funny it's like you hang yourself so we're here satanic
congregation to bring those texts to them and to show them give it to me
again I want some drugs and witchery Jesus show me all your drugs your drugs
Jesus what do we have here oh God those seven principal drugs you know what they
they have they have names they have
names and what kind of names do they have they have names of
blasphemy names of blasphemy remember we talked about the
power is always in the name are you ready okay wait it's it's
going to get good it's going to get good okay and this antidote this
thec yeah it had the form of a
leopard it had the feet of a
bear and the mouth of a lion did you said lions
tigers and bears oh my no I said Le Le
birs yeah and lions and
bears oh God Jesus Christ God what are you doing
I just sat down and we just got jacked in with whatever it was that Angelic
dude gave us and by the way remember it's always those sons of God who were
doing all of this drug stuff you wouldn't have the mystery without it
oh here he is we got jacked in and you know what now we're seeing some weird images did you say a leopard with bears
fet Jaws like a lion yeah yeah I did and why did you do that because this is BIC
and who is that leopard that's the leopard that bears up dionisis that's the leopard that bears
up dionisis and who is that bear that's the bear that guards our bears in Libya
Who are the those who are those bears oh I'm sorry um once a year we go watch a
group of nine to 12 yearold girls get naked in an arena and uh the last one
conscious gets the priesthood yeah um those Bears they call
them Bears you want to know why test it if you want test it if you want to
where's all that stuff coming from it's that hunting Clan stuff right oh God this is Diana all oh God it
has Diana all over it do you know who makes the best teenagers the ones that
can kill all the other ones isn't that
strange yeah well that's the context that we're in so let's go back to our
bakic animals who's the lion there for what's the lion we've got lions people
please remember please when I say we're in a bakic ritual remember rehea is the
nurse of bakus and what does she do what does she do what do you think she does
she rears him and teaches him everything Isn't that cool and what's so special
about R I don't know um she's the flow of the universe they call her but um
she's got Lions man she's got lions and if you ever go to see rehea you're going
to end up with sitting in front of lions and do you know how intimidating that
is if she were Cersei she would then cut off your
genitalia yeah just your testicles you know because the other thing can be used
yes oh God love it it's gorgeous isn't it let's go let's go to the next The
Source boom boom oh did you find there it is and finally what what happens what
happens to this bakic leopard bearing up bakus what
happens the dragon gave to him the
power uhuh uhuh he gave him the throne and he
gave him that great exusia that
efficacy that ability to bring the Sal
ation am I in the book of the Apocalypse yeah yeah the
Theon the Beast is the antidote to the death
inducer Jesus is actively involved in this cult there's only two times he ever
gets angry right one when he's fighting with other l St other
traffickers and two when somebody turns on him and when a group of young boys
get awfully upset because he's what we'll find out in a second let's
keep going boom next one uh I mean end of this prophecy here we go oh and what
happens the dragon what does it say it says the the dragon gave the power right
and the thron on you know what the thron on is that's that position that the far makon
takes sit on the throne you have the power when you sit
on the throne yeah PO thronos is many
drugs you know Throne drug fantastic they're looking at it from how the drug
functions right boom it's like a I don't know what you'd call it some kind of
quantum stuff I these brainia acts I never understand it completely and look
at verse three and what else one of the heads one of the heads was
dead one of the heads was dead one of those principles brought
death and in the midst of this what happened the plague of
death was healed the person the person had the
death inducer and came back do you know how incredible this is we are right in
the mystery we are right in the mystery what do the people do the people were
astonished everybody was astonished and what did they do they
gave the proper honor to the dragon why
why because he endowed that
drug with the Cure he brought you back to life from the state of death that's
why they bowed to the snake and what' they say nothing's more
powerful baby nothing is more powerful I saw that dude dropped into death and
resurrected and we came back he said I saw all sorts of stuff
and he's a new creation he's become Born
Again wow did you know you could do that with a child did you know you could do that
with a child does that bother anyone let's see go give me the next one this
is where we're going to take a turn for the South people hold on hold on no we're done go next one boom I just
wanted you to see a definition of exusia that's okay it's not you can slow that down later and take a look at it um
another guy's coming in the room okay another Angel's coming in the room he's pouring out that drug container and what
is he doing he's pouring at aain gain now the Christians will always the Monas
I should say will always portray this as you know the angel pouring out this file
onto the Earth because that's what it says
Earth but if if anybody's paying attention to any other literature um
Earth are a way of talking about drugs the lynian Earth that I just spoke about
two weeks ago um why do you think they call it the Earth what is Galen doing
he's going to limnos to get these pills to give you right as a manner of
Salvation it's your health it's your what we call your mental health your physical health give me some urine
little taste of it and I can tell you what you need take this pill dissolve it
in wine or stick it into your rectum
yeah okay that's the world you're in so if you're a little bit squeamish get ready because we're going to shift it
down we're GNA really go against the grain are you ready boom first guy comes out and he pours
out that vile into the Earth what do they do with that combination of the
earth like the Lian Earth it provides a base for a plaster provides a base for a
plaster and all of these plasters have magical names isn't that nice the Seaman of
Helios oh who what do you need I need the seam and a Helios I need the sun
seed baby what is that called it's not yeah
it's not a perfume oh God here we go and what happens he's pouring
it out what happens oh no I have a hellos [__] on what's that did somebody
burn you do you have an do you have an exposed spot that's did somebody burn
you who me who me who who's being burned you idiot you're the one with the harma
you're the one with the tattoos the
tattoos oh God the thec tattoo do you
know what you can do you can put a tattoo you can take a pigment right
remember the burning purple is a pigment and I can put it into my skin and when I
need it I can cut myself I can cut
myself what have we done now we have taken that
poison and the thec is keeping us from
dying we're in that Visionary mode we're
transiting right that's why they say the devil can fly right check out who's got this the
um sickle that's what we need to do who what are we putting into our eyes remember people we've got that white
chalk on our face to prevent the burning and then we use that stuff in our eyes
that purple in our eyes well it turns out at this particular right tonight you
and I have tattoos that we will cut that we will cut those are the
marks of that Beast thec that antidote that you and I are
using Marcus aelius could have been tattooed this way where do you want me
to put it you know it's got to go somewhere um yeah all we got to do is
burn a little spot a little spot you know and then we'll take that burn spot
and will medicate it and you will get so high and every time every time I pass
you I'm going to slap that spot wherever it is wherever it is is on your body I'm
going to slap it with that plaster yeah and I'm going to keep doing it I'm going lace this yeah it's control
the ride is fabulous control yeah wow people think meditation
does something hey sorry if I just offended every Buddhist in the court but um yeah
yeah no we're beyond that you know what I mean we're a Step Beyond let's keep going let's keep going to the text we're
gon to pull Jesus in all we got to find out where he's been hiding right and um
yep that's fine go um look this is that host that wound
right and notice please notice Galen is in
there please good health to everyone um look uh it's a wound or a sore ulcer but
look what they the festering bite of a serpent wait a minute there's an
association with this word and the wounding of a serpent yeah wait it gets
it's gets worse keep going
boom your haraga now you people are G to say and it doesn't have anything to do
with drugs you know what this is this is the
Medusa you Bone Heads Are you ready harma what does it mean any Mark
engraved impr printed or branded and then what's the first thing you see in Greek come here Dan come here come here
Dan the uh Bible club called then and
wants wants uh you to [Music]
know snuck up on him are you ready for this Dan doesn't read these texts so he
doesn't know what is say leave Dan alone yes watch this um
harag that's what the first Greek says right there right I'll say it one more
time and what is that that is the mark of the
Viper oh God it's bite or it sting give me another one give me another one what
am I doing with my cult Buddies in Antiquity with the Christ what am I doing well at this point I'm hearing the
Enthusiast stadion talking to me you're what this is the book of the Apocalypse
people I am sitting here and I am listening to the Enthusiast on and it's
telling me it's telling me Oh God all
Mighty true and just are you your judgments
PTO yeah that's what they translate is Almighty right I think it's a garbage
translation right because it's just like a literal rendition it's a title the ponor is the um Hermes is given this
title um yeah okay so I think it's a little bit off I think it's a little bit
off but where are we getting people we're getting those true judgments and we're getting those real just es through
what is talking to us the thusiast on his did anybody notice what is this thing it's a piece of
furniture wait what yeah it's the thing Moses set up you know it's a it's a
hippie cloudfest you got to put ropes on people when they're in in this place because
it's so fumigated um they may pass out right right we're with the right people
and this device talks wait a minute the thusiast stadion is what Moses museus
the fictional character from the 3 Century based on museus Called Moses
it's what he sets up yeah you would say oh it's the
Tabernacle oh oh it's the
Tabernacle it's talking ladies of frustration it's
talking to us oh God these people are way right
we're getting out there wait we're gonna throw in the kids oh no right should you bring kids this kind of right oh no give
me the next one chewy can't chew's flagging me like oh yeah I'm gonna blast a few people with this thing tonight
okay are you ready what are you doing an Enthusiast Terian you're sacrificing and
when you see that definition sacrificing eh you and I think oh yeah
Moses in movie and charl nen right yeah shut up no that's BS look in the Greek
in the third line down it says right what is the verb to
thuso what is it at doing it is an action that is coupled
with acting bakic bakic
uhhuh Jesus Jesus Christ Jesus Christ in a
public park Revelation 1618 another one we got
more angels and more drugs baby and what are they doing the fourth one comes out
and he's fing he's pouring out his drugs again where's he pouring them epon Halon
wait wait what into the sun right and you'll see it pictures again F
sun with freaking you know Radiance like a kid in kindergarten draws or something
you know at least I did you know the son and angel porn ey you idiots what are
you doing what are you
doing grab some of that grab some of that seed of the
sun yeah grab some of that and bring that in what are we going to do with
Jesus's blood and it was given it was given to that drug to burn the men in
fire to burn the people using it you know what we do after we come in with
this bowl we drink this stuff and it causes us to go to a place that is very very painful I've already been going a
little bit nuts anyway and chew in my tongue isn't that a great symptom can you see imagine you walk into a right
that's a mystery right like the origin of Judaism and Christianity and Islam
and you walk in because remember the Muslims they say Worship bakus in an Aphrodite right not the Muslim the the
people living in Arabia who were the ancestors of the Muslims right that that they were
worshiping bakas right they're doing the same thing they're doing the exact same
thing in a saturnian right which linguistically is Satan when the row and
the diagma drop as they
do I love it I love it thank you EMT Bennett for an education in my syy and
Greek it allows us to look at the drugs that Jesus and his clan are using his
group are using okay give me the next one I'm not going to rush people because this is going to this is going to blow
your mind a little bit at least it does mine it does so we're pouring out and we're causing
that fire right and what's going to happen let's pull up a chorus as we're entering you know we all came we all saw
what was going to happen we're all on those the three that I showed you at least that they gave you right and now
we're entering this phase where what happens we're gonna bring out a chorus and we're going to say what kind of
chorus is this is a chorus now um uh this is from the frogs this is
from the frogs and this chorus of frogs is very
famously um going to lead us to the rights and you know
dionis he sees he sees one of the chorus
members and um for a moment her garment comes a little bit loose and something
pops out that he sees and he says what a pleasant budding
grape um this is a part of the chorus that is leading us to the
rights right this is a part of the chorus and what is the chorus pointing to give us that chorus again chewy look
at the second line the second word Inon give me the next one there who are
they talk who are the who are the girls singing about they're singing about the Savior wait a minute there singing about
Jesus Christ no they're singing about a woman
who was the original savior in the
mystery you see Jesus is just operating within a very very specific mystery he's
bringing salvation he's been hanging out with the Baptist with the penis shaped cuups that we tray and pry P you know
he's following a very specific way some children are made CH were made unic for
the kingdom of heaven right when you enter the dark
kingdom via the Beast you don't come back the
same yeah it hurts says Jesus I'm so thirsty I'm in agony it hurts are you
there are you there yet don't worry don't worry they designed this thing so that you'll come out the other end give
us an give us that reference again I just want to make sure I hit all of it um yeah uh look what is the chorus going
to tell us they're going to tell us about day M right now this is um you
know Deeter right she is part of the this is why we all came for the
resurrection of her daughter wait a minute this thing is
about resurrections yeah and that word in there anasa the word for demer that
is an old old old Myan now now we're at
um somewhere 2,000 years before Christianity and 1700 years before
Judaism who are we following within this right we're following the wanasa there's
a diagma there what is she doing she Su now those of you who say what's so
special about Greek this is a perfect example right Su pante is a word that
aristan is making up yeah it's a word that he's making up
the power of ancient Greek what really makes it different from Modern Greek
what really makes it different from English and French and Italian right what really makes it different is the
ability to form New Concept ceps isn't that great what if you were given a set
of tools that with your mind you could create things a new you could pull out
of the air a reality in verbal form nobody else is doing the same thing
as you God God that's a secret give me the
next one oh we love you you're so sexy mama a Greek I love this I love this um
and he's telling you right here it is here it is okay give us the next one
[Music] boom bre Cox coax bre
COA Dian Isis what's saying that by the way the frogs now wait a minute I'm
bringing you frogs and I'm not going to bring you the uh um I'm not going to
bring you those frogs without pulling them right out of the mouth of of
Christianity right out of the mouth of the Apocalypse because you say hey look
um I understand you're talking about drugs and these Texs are talking about Altered States I understand that mental
States altered mental States and physical yeah but this whole thing inspiration by means of demons this is
not part of Christianity oh contrary let's see let's see what happens give me
the next one bacus give me some something inspiring ing go boom and I saw from the mouth of
the dragon and from the mouth of the Beast and from the mouth of the false
prophet I saw three aaric
Spirits those dirty mystery Spirits you know what I'm talking about you saw it
you saw it popped right out h B welcome
frogs frogs you mean that's the Bible passage and it's talking about those demonic spirits yes it is why because
Jesus is a bachant it is not that the
text is written to reflect bakic literature it is that Jesus is acting
within the bakic rights that Spirit of the
Frog bre Co COA bre
Co that is what you will be hearing when
you listen to the prophecy as anybody else is under the
influence as these people my God man the
Visionary stuff is crazy we're still going to bring in the children let's just bring him in oh jeez come
here Jesus I'm sorry I got to show him the kids tonight you hold it Jesus holds his
tongue well he must be used to that it's a Roman thing let's go you know why they
dislike those lace days so much right right you know why they dislike the
lace they're crucifying them man because about a hundred years no not that long
um but within a century before Jesus is walking around as a l or at least he's denying that he's a l Stace and Mark um
about a hundred years before that within that Century um Julius Caesar he got a
abducted and he was so mad at those fraking people he went back and he um
insisted that they all be crucified cuz that is the only fitting punishment um that cross people
is not for a common thief or a common
criminal that cross is for people who crowds come together and say this dude
crucify yeah it was that ultimate it was that ultimate punishment every time you
see see we as a society under the influence of Christianity have tried to make that cross a place where the
innocent are placed right this is a place of torture right the Romans the
evil Romans invented it right it's very fairy talish but the
fact is that's what Caesar did he see had him crucified because he wanted him to suffer and it was heinous enough with
the what Pirates do to to get them crucified traffickers
baby human traffickers does anybody have any sympathy is there a book in where
it's like my beloved human trafficking husband no there's a good reason for
that now let's watch Jesus get all touchy feely let's go let's go oh God
what is he uncovering what is he uncovering diis speak tell me how you
feel Under the Influence he says Geo what do you have you got those
marks you got those engagements you got those wounds of the
Viper and what else you dianis what what's happening something are you ready
people I'm translating this directly I'm the voice of dianis I got the marks of the Viper and something is drooling out
of my buttocks
proos proos I used to laugh with my Greek buddy um whenever this came came
across this word I don't know why you get you know proctology of and stuff
like that right it's kind of funny I don't know um anyway he's got some sweat
coming out of it you remember the stuff that was on Jesus's face that's how this is described but it's coming out of
bak's rectum and what does he say he starts to say this and he gets in around
he said oh and I'm popping up my little guy's going to sit up and he's going to say something why
CU bakus is under the influence he has the marks for the
administration of the drugs he's got the potion that's oozing out of his rectum
and he's got that satirical response that
satyriasis let's see what happens let's see what happens thank you thank you
diis that's great I loved it I loved it it was nice give me the next one um I just want you to see that these little
blisters that are made um made by these Burns right um notice that they can be
caused by those bites right these are you know the hippocratics talk about little pules um basically little injured
areas that you're going to get some kind of infection or um something more
symptomatic of what we think is you know could be something like smallpox or something like that they'll use that
word in those different context you have to be careful um sometimes you can
assume the Greek's gonna say something and you'll find out oh no that's not how they're using it in this century and
you're like oh okay got to reform go back right but you got to read a lot to get to that point give me the one after
the pastu boom boom frog speak to us what do the frogs
say listen we're sitting here after our three drinks or four five I don't remember there was a fifth guy that came
in so we've got to have had a lot by now and what are the frogs saying what are the frogs saying they're saying listen
you're such a you're you're just go around doing everything investigating
everything doing everything sit down and shut up you know who I am I'm the one
who the muses establish I'm the one who the muses
establish I'm the one that pan with the
horn with the antidote who Sports around dances around
plays around amorously right with his re I know him do you know also Apollo it
says Apollo is here too and what does he do yeah he's
Pro he's so happy maybe that was the one I think that was the one that was he
invented yeah I think I just switched him but I think this is the one that he's he invented um uh and what does
that mean it means to make exceptionally happy right he's he's joyous and why is
that because the Reed right the one that sits on the liar he shares Apollo has a
share of that re right that Reed what is he talking about oh it's part of the
instrument the liar it's got a read some kind of Base pole
yeah and it's it's a read that they use yeah he's involved he's involved thank you thank
you frogs are those the spirits oh that makes me that's amazing frog talk uh
give me give me the next one I want to show you people just so you know the Dono what is that Don Ox it's that Reed
shaking in the wind wait this is starting to sound familiar it's a bed of reads what what kind of anthropology do
we have it's also the shaft of an arrow or a sher's pipe or a fishing rod right
or the bridge of a liar these are the kind of things that
you have to take into consideration if you want to understand ancient cult you
have to understand it has basic building blocks and those basic building blocks
are reflected in Christian mystery Christian mystery is the same where's
creepy Jesus bring him up it's the next one I think bring him in this is the Jesus who likes this let's go no under
the liar that's okay give me the next one boom um here Jesus tell me what you want
Jesus I want you to I want you to Feast on my flesh and I want you to drink my
hi M and I'll be in you and you'll be in
me okay wait a minute seriously long story short that trogo up front it's not
the word for eat it's usually translated as eat but it's a you it's a word that's
used to pasture I want you to pasture on me wait on your flesh yep
I want you to pasture off my flesh and drink my Hima now the origin of haa is
vital Essence which can be blood and it can be
semen right remember we're into the fluids I showed you the doctors I showed
you the sweat and what sweat does if you don't know you haven't been
there um we're talking remember people it's not odd these societies are tasting
urine for the sake of diagnosis it's not odd for a suggestion
of armpit licking during kius to be any kind of you know thing but you say wait
what yeah I don't know it's the thing it's got some chemicals in it you know what I mean I don't know if you haven't
been there don't don't take the train hit me with the next one let's do it
okay look what what is this this is the pastoring we'll skip through this let's
just get to the point what is the SARS the flesh Jesus what are you giving me
bra the flesh is the real
F and the blood is the real potion right the blood of Jesus is the
real potion I want the blood of Jesus I want
the blood why is his blood special this dude is a walking drug
Factory this dude is high all the time this dude is casting out demons and
healing this dude is part of the
mystery that's why spit in my mouth Jesus give me some of your sweat I'll
drink your blood baby give me the next one oh there it is there's the drink oh
God it's just a beverage or a draft but wait a minute what are we talking about
haa at the bottom again oh God what are these people doing
seriously you're gonna give all the vampire Enthusiast some something to think about yeah um here it is where's
that where's that thing that you're going to give to us Jesus he's given us his meat meat he says I'm Jesus Christ
little boy and I'm giving you my meat that's what it says this is what
he's saying my bris do you want some of my essence you know what they call the
seman they call it the love of
God oh my God you perverts you perverts what have you done to the
mystery what have you done it was that kitis with Jesus was that
kitis with Jesus when he was arrested in a public park at 400 a.m.
screaming I am not a child trafficker and standing next to him is a naked kid
with a bandage on his private parts through which
Jesus was consuming the
Beast father I don't want to do this shut up stumbly and take your drugs
suck your cup dry you're getting
crucified let's go to it next one oh god um yeah that's what he oh God no no oh
this is good look so those who eat whoever look whoever's going to eat my meat and drink my Essence that person
has zoan ionian that person has ionic
life and you say wait a minute every Christian yes if you're a Christian out there do you know every time you tell me
Jesus saves and gives me eternal life do you know what you're doing you're referring to me eating as meat and
drinking his Essence and it's not eternal life it's not the word for
Eternal right this is not the word for eternal there's corruption in the
Lexicon fantastic what is it the word for give me the next one you know what
Jesus's Essence and meat give you right gobble is meat trogo I want you to
gobble my meat you're a weirdo who goes to seriously how did you get 12 children
in an upper room and you took off all your clothes so you could wash their feet and every time you wash their feet
you took that little tow to that was around your privates and you dried their feet with a towel Jesus did you do that
so they could see your privates you pervert oh my god seriously and he's
yelling don't scandalize me right you freak what does it mean look um when you
put people just long story short people when you put somebody into the death state by giving them those death
inducing drugs they're going to end up in what you called the
escaton and all the anybody with a little bit of theology just went he said
escaton yes like eschatology oh they get all shaky you know what I mean it's like are you gonna
urinate on yourself um and that's where Jesus sends people it's where the death
encounter takes place haven't you ever wondered why everybody's coming to Jesus look this little girl she's in the state
Jesus no he's like no let me just come lay my hands on her nobody nobody was shocked by that
Jesus is going in to lay his hands on a little girl and nobody
cares that's we're gonna see what that laying on of hands means go give me the next one I threw it in of course I did
right okay look what it means to enter the escaton letting your mind
go it's really when you sleep H something and something else pops out boom like relieving pressure you got to
boil pop it escaton right you let things
go go give me the next one up here oh God it's I told you I told you it was
going to get in there what is that ion okay here people for those of you who are walking around saying you know what
I believed in Jesus Christ I was born again and the deal between me and him
was my faith in the fact that he is going to give me eternal
life I've got some bad news it doesn't say eternal life it doesn't it says
ionic and I want you to look here there's a definition in Greek here of ionic it's on the second line it's in
parentheses and it starts in Greek
to Z what is that that's the definition what is the definition the completion
are you ready here's what ionic is um for all the drug using mystery prophets
who say ionic life ionic life this is what they mean they do not mean linear
eternal life they mean ionic life that's what they say and here's the definition are you ready what is ionic it is the
completion that encompass is the life of every
individual it is the completion that bounds or encompasses the life of every
individual okay that is the ion and what he is going to do and why people say
holy Christ almighty I'm born again is because the right allows you
to see that ion the completion the
completion of your life interesting interesting kind of
makes me did every look this may have been worth all the burning and all of the cutting and all of the you know what
I mean I don't know I'm starting to kind of like being born again and what
happens there came this dude to Jesus who was one of the leaders of the
assembly now it's the synagogue right that's the group but if I say synagogue everybody thinks medieval right the
leader of their assembly and his name was ieros and what did I AOS do when he saw
Jesus he fell down at his feet give me the next one fell down at his feet oh God tell me what he's going to do he's
going to tell him how much you want me to give a church tomorrow right something like no oh no no he runs up to
him he's like dude I've got Aon look at that second line the first
word it's got two accents why because moo doesn't want an accent so they run
it together isn't that nice Greek is so ancient Greek is so musical yeah um
where is your little girl she is in
escos she's in that state what do you want me to do I want you to come and I
want you to put your hands on her and I want you to bring her the medical
salvation okay okay um what is the handy business what is the handy business
Jesus um are they using drugs on their hands by the way yeah I've seen a whole group I've seen a whole group of root
Cutters these are priestesses who stri naked under a full moon and okay they
have stripped naked for work don't get dirty minded they have to right you're
envisioning these naked priestesses don't be dirty about it right put your mind in the Olympics you know what I
mean those were naked too right you don't think everybody sitting in the audience was a pervert or something do you right oh man man um let's see we
should let's commission write me a note chewy to the to the Olympic Committee
take off take off the clothes um amen I
say to you whoever receives the kingdom of God as a little
child that one's going to enter in but the rest of you are totally
borked you're not going to get there you know why because you're not receiving it
as these little children why is Jesus working the kids up because he's right in the middle of a hairy situation at
this point um people are bringing him children to
touch um go ahead bring in some of the kids people are bringing him children to
touch and his Apostles uh get jealous and they say what are you doing
and they what do they want to do they wanna they want to reward him with what
somebody who's doing what he's doing deserves that's what the Greek verb says that's what it uses oh my God they want
to give him what he deserves and it really makes him mad he's got his gang of his closest kids right his children
prostitutes and now he's involving others and they don't want those kids in
the middle of their piece of pie oh and Jesus gets mad and he says no no
this is how everybody gets in every everybody gets HED show me Jesus what
all the handiness is about please show me what all the handiness is you didn't think that Jesus Christ existed who was
handsy with kids did you oh God check out Mark 10:13 I'm sorry for those of
you who didn't realize this and what happened they brought these children to him in order that he would htoi them in
order that he was htim yeah and it really angered his disciples his Apostles that his students it really
says his students right who is Jesus he's a guy that hangs around with students right I mean it's okay come on
you he got them from boats where their parents were and he kind of lured them off and said look I'll I'll make you
fishes of men baby right the next thing you know the Galilee boys end up
circulating with Jesus and getting in trouble well at this point he's wanting to H to my
children okay and this is what he's doing are you ready bring me up the Greek bring me up the Greek it's so
telling people the first time I saw this like it started it made me want to puke are you ready here we go Jesus what are
you doing with the kids um this definition is so long it's two pages but look uh um to fasten onto something wait
he's fastening onto children that can't be give me know with your hand to fasten on to
grope wait a minute Jesus what are you doing what are you doing here look at number oh I don't know let's look at
number three number three to touch or to affect somebody to grasp with the senses
that's a nice metaphorical to be handsy with reality and to become perspective I
like that oh no chew's pointing out number five you mean this word is used
for straight up intercourse I'm not talking just molestation I'm not saying
Jesus is just molesting those kids I'm saying is penetrating them with his
hands and why is he penetrating them with his hands because he is app applying the very same drugs that are on
that naked child's private parts when he is in the Garden of
Gethsemane Jesus is a professional
play and he is making more trafficking
adult uh children making more children
trafficable within what remember the only times Jesus is mad is when somebody
tries to stomp him doing this to children and when he's up face to face
with the pimps in the temple right and he's like no way man this is my territory he's kicking over
money tables and stuff like that you thought he was an angel didn't you you didn't realize he's just a pimp finding
and establishing his territory right he comes from Egypt baby when he
came back to this Podunk Jerusalem do you know what do you know what he did he
went in the temple and he so impressed the people with his educated
speak you got to remember Judea is Backwoods man it's Backwoods right you get mobs of people
that are rock someone to death right Romans are shaking their head man that's not what are you doing Justice baby you
monest you hate Justice don't you you atheists oh my god let's get the next
one get the next one we only got a couple left people Jesus is saying I don't want you to do this to me don't
scandalize me baby now if Jesus uh you know if he's a normal guy you know and
he ends up in a situation where three teenage boys are guarding him while he's in a public park with a naked
boy is he GNA be worried about getting
scandalized you know if Jesus hadn't been arrested with a naked kid I would
say this doesn't makes sense right think about it for a minute
people than of the son of godes the Son of God really have to worry about getting scandalized I don't understand why
that's there except in in the context of his touching of the children and his
anger show me what Jesus gets does he get angry yeah he gets angry
right this is what he says that says he gets really pissed and what does he say
he says let let me have access to those little kids don't stop it coming because
this is the kingdom this is the kingdom of God this is the
kingdom of Yahoo child sacrifices baby I don't care
if you believe in it or not give me the next one Jesus is doing it just to let you know how pissed he is look he's he's
feeling violent irritation bro those jerks those teenage jerks that kid John
was sitting on my lap the other night and now he's telling me I can't have these little children I let me tell you
something unless unless you let me do this to these little children there's going to be nobody in the Kingdom of
Heaven you hear the you hear the real Jesus the reason the Christians hate
what I do so much is because my Jesus is
real yeah my Jesus is real you know a lot of people have been telling me
they're getting in trouble for watching lady Babylon um you know whether it's
because they're at some place at work and somebody sees it and you know says
what is that or whether it's family people are writing to me about can't watch me around their family by the way
um heads up to what's the name who's watching somebody's watching me at like
with their whole family and to that group they're sitting out there you know we love you guys we love you I love it I
love it you guys are great I love that I hope you're having good food good food
and good drink love it give me the last one and let's just see what happens here
let's Cap all of this Revelation with Revelation and I saw from the mouth of
the dragon and from the mouth of the Beast and from the mouth of the false
prophet what is coming out a cathartic
Spirits Spirits like frogs what are the frogs telling us
frogs are speaking to you through the Muse and they're telling you there is a
way there is a way to Salvation you must enter death and be
resurrected and you will have have ionic life let me just say today there is
nobody within the sound of my voice who follows or believes they follow a
mystery there is nobody who actually does none of you you have all fallen
short thank you for coming tonight hell satanic spells Dragon Venom
Volume 11 your tickets to Heaven I am being The Man Who Laughs Hong Hong beep
beep I'm in the cuts I'm in the crease black tip arrows dark in the sky the
Irish which can fly media's got the heavy weight how much you want to buy
scorpion venom mations dragon Venom vaping you know they might be taping they want the
elemental peas for the darkest of Dreams lady media she's coming to see you
chalice a dragon Venom High purple V to
11a hit you with a ticket to Heaven dreads bring you back from the
dead going chalice a drag Venom High purple volume
21 good hit you with a ticket to Heaven dreads bring it back from the
dead lady Babylon word r the B it's how it
is with the poisonous kiss she never
miss put you in the sacred [Music]
drift catch you in the twist
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]